v2.0.0 Release Docs Updates (#66)
helibproject/HElib: CHANGES.md

December-January 2021
---------------------

> * v2.0.0 contains changes of APIs that make it not backwards compatible with v1.x.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contains API changes that are not backwards compatible with v1.x.x
```
